05/28/2020

## SBKS 
- Got the BRAT backup script working and syncing to anubis.
    * Still need to make a cron job for it.  
- Using the backups, I rolled back some files that broke (Kevin).
- I looked into the Server/Client version of BRAT and the documentation said that
`standalone.py` will likely work more efficiently and reduce server load. 
The trade off is the security available for whatever server they use. 

### TODO
- Update Abstract. **Due June 5**
- Dockerize BRAT Server (not mission critical)
- Read SBOL 3 Standard

## Data
- Backed up data and project files onto the Drive, and an external drive (local).

### TODO
- Download Oxford dataset from Nautilus. 
- Make ACS Torch Dataset and preprocessing script that using Jacobs XML converter. 

## Experiments:
- Finished metrics script. Uploaded data to the project drive, results.sheet
- Wrote methods to run `predict()` and `evaluate_ner()` on the test set after
fine-tuning on dev. 
### Issues
- Currently configuration doesn't allow more than one transformer weights. 
    * I wrote a script to handle getting the transformer weights from the 
    model with the best F1 score on dev. 
    * 4 hours were spent trying coerce Gin and MLFlow to work with the new setup. 
    * Decided to work around Gin and write the configuration in native Python 
    and maybe a YAML file. That doesn't have to be a permanent solution, but it's 
    simple enough for now.
      
- Rant: Gin and MLFlow seem good for flexible and robust workflows *at scale*, but we're
    not doing anything too crazy here. I'm not sure if the dashboard feature 
    in MLFlow is worth maintaining non-native code in the package, i.e.
    it might not be worth the technical debt. An alternative to MLFlow is logically 
    separated experiments, each with it's own model and data directories... 
    and if the 'all the models' and 'all the data' in one place is important, just symlink 
    them to a common directory with native BASH or Python, or something like that. And 
    basic plotting is something that anyone maintaining the code should be able to 
    handle using Matplotlib or GGPlot2, etc.  
 
