Goals:
    Identify existing organisms and parts within articles (and vice versa):
        Improve the discovery of entities by improving NER methodology
    Move towards relevance-based search for literature search.
    Reduce the amount of expert-annotated training data need for model construction.
    Facilitate discovery of related entities (such as experiments).

Achievements:
    - InferNER:
        Input: Unlabeled text
        Output: CONLL file containing entities predicted using BERT
        Preprocessing:
            Sentence split: Spacy
            Tokenization: Huggingface tokenizers (BertWordPieceTokenizer)
                Correction: The token spans after tokenization are not lossy (in regards to string normalization).
            BERT Input Chunks:
                By Sentence: This has been implemented.
                By 512 token chunks: Implemented in MTT. I'll try this method.
        BERT Model: Fine-tuned BioBERT
        BERT Head: Full text articles, best scoring (F1) epoch.
        Summary Output:
            - Token, Sentence Span, Document Span, Token-label Probability, Label
            - The Spacy Span object that's returned from the sentencizer contains the document spans for each
    - Lab Meeting Presentation

Objectives:
    - SBKS:
        - Run InferNER on ACS-100.
        - Convert CONLL output to BRAT format files.
        - Review output.
        - Drop mic.
    - InferNER:
        BERT Inputs:
            - Implement batch prediction so that GPU parallelization is automatic when run on Pine.
        Tokenization:
            - Try 512 token chunks.

Issues:
    - (mission critical) BERT Head: Not outputting probabilities anymore. Debugging this, starting at the config. Going back a few commits to see when it broke. It went undetected for a while because the output was the correct form and didn't throw any errors.
    - BERT Fine-tuning: Waiting on missing full article processed datasets (See Bert Eval document on Google Drive).

Classes:
    This semester has been challenging because of the rough start and the quarantine disruption. I am working very hard to finish as strongly as possible.

    I realized that my "independent study" for Image Analysis and Data Mining have always been P/F. They were never going to factor into my GPA nor be displayed with the corresponding course ID and name. With this information, and an enthusiastic motivation for finishing these courses, I will discuss with my professors a plan to finish successfully. I'm not aiming to lower the bar in terms of required knowledge or outcomes, but rather to more clearly define what a P looks like.

    Clint and I are on track to present our LDA analysis on the 21st (pre-recorded). He also sent me all of the video lectures and content for Image Analysis.